Add clang_win-64 (#10287)
conda-forge/staged-recipes: recipes/clang_win-64/LICENSE.txt

Copyright (c) 2019, Isuru Fernando
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

> * Neither the name of staged-recipes nor the names of its

Reviewer: Should this really be staged-recipes?
```suggestion
* Neither the name of clang_win-64 nor the names of its
```
